NMS-13759: Split asset topology provider docs (#3880)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/topology/asset-topology-provider/node-filtering.adoc

[[node-filtering]]
== Node filtering

> In many cases, it is desirable to control which nodes are included or excluded from a topology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In many cases, it is desirable to control which nodes a topology includes or excludes.
```
